MAY omit the max_ack_delay if enough packets are in flight (#60)
quicwg/ack-frequency: draft-ietf-quic-ack-frequency.md

in flight. Generally, when using `max_ack_delay` for PTO computations, endpoints
MUST use the maximum of the current value and all those in flight.

When the number of in-flight ack-eliciting packets is larger than the

> ACK-Eliciting Threshold, implementations MAY choose to not include the peer's
> 'max_ack_delay' in the probe timeout calculation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ACK-Eliciting Threshold, an endpoint can expect that the peer
will not need to wait for its `max_ack_delay` period before
sending an acknowledgement. In such cases, the endpoint MAY
therefore exclude the peer's 'max_ack_delay' from its PTO
calculation.
```

in flight. Generally, when using `max_ack_delay` for PTO computations, endpoints
MUST use the maximum of the current value and all those in flight.

When the number of in-flight ack-eliciting packets is larger than the
ACK-Eliciting Threshold, an endpoint can expect that the peer will not need to
wait for its `max_ack_delay` period before sending an acknowledgement. In such
cases, the endpoint MAY therefore exclude the peer's 'max_ack_delay' from its PTO

> calculation.  If `ignore_order` is enabled and packet(s) are lost, this
> optimization can cause premature PTOs, so requires extra caution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
calculation. Note that this optimization requires some care in implementation, since
it can cause premature PTOs under packet loss when `ignore_order` is enabled.
```
